= jquery-datetimepicker-rails

This gem packages the jQuery {DateTimePicker}[http://xdsoft.net/jqplugins/datetimepicker/] plugin for easy use with the Rails 3.1+ asset pipleine.

== Important

The current gem is released without updated plugins. If you encounter any errors, please fork the repository, update the plugin files and send a pull-request.

== Installation

1. Add to your Gemfile:

        gem 'jquery-datetimepicker-rails', git: 'git://github.com/servtag/jquery-datetimepicker-rails.git'

1. Install the gem:

        bundle install

1. Add the JavaScript to `application.js`:

        //= require jquery.datetimepicker

1. Add the stylesheets to `application.css`:

        *= require jquery.datetimepicker

== Contributing to jquery-datetimepicker-rails
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2014 Ströer Mobile Media GmbH. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

